Pins on a microcontroller are labelled as: PA1 -> Port A; Pin 1
* Contain at least 2 registers
  * Direction
  * Data
Types of clocks
* On-chip RC oscillator
* Externally connected crystal
* PLL (**always find a well-designed PLL super cool!**)

Need to make shortcuts for two common operations I hate hitting:
* right-arrow key
* potentially

**debugging:**
* ton of problems will arise with AI
* they will have associated remedies
* can get exorbitant amount of money to be the "fixer"

Funny, me sitting here thinking I am doing all these low-level shenanigans when something that appears as simple as the USB connection to my laptop has a lot of advanced, optimised code written just to make that work.

ADCs have different programmable modes:
* single-channel, single - **should a system start or not?**
* multichannel (scan), single - **should a system start or not?**
* single-channel, continuous - **room temperature to adjust air conditioner**
* multichannel, continuous - **constantly measuring multiple accelerometers to adjust joints of a robotic arm**
* injected continuous - **has priority! synchronising conversion of channels to an event**

finding joy in repeatedly flashing a raspberry pi and learning about which networks have heavy protection etc -> shift of mindset from my uni days

got raspberrypi ssh working on my laptop and installed helix, zellij, python, and git on it.

today I finally decided to spend some money on upskilling myself and building something that is a gateway to being cool. This is seemingly a small step, but finally following through on what I'd been telling myself for a while but never executed on.

"the hard work of thinking can't be outsourced by AI, only amplified by it."

love Zed IDE. Great, fast, and intuitive. Great piece of engineering :)

**building with others is fun! -> even if you can do it all yourself now with agents. Don't! You will miss the bonding too much**


